okay thank you
thank you guys let's be seated
okay please be seated take a pen and it
makes it nice for them thank them for
being here thank you for being here with
us and before we continue I'd just like
to take this opportunity to talk to you
about reliance digital Express India's
most premier electronic store they've
carved a niche for themselves and they
believe in one thing and that is
convergence all your electronic needs
under one roof and with one aim to have
a delightful shopping experience here
coming towards the launch of the app
Hasee toh phasee jaeik sli nanny agency
line is your home sub APNIC college kid
anime yeah can I get those process from
there yeah 30 offices maybe with a kabhi
kabhi you have to name boss poke
yourself at a couch near bosco 30
Hashima Zachary towable Tina Massey
Topher seola syndrome Olga so this line
is something that we either have used or
have heard from our friends and this
movie with the same name is the most
highly anticipated movie for the year
2014 so all the best
fingers crossed thank you thank you
thank you fingers crossed and of course
is coming in on the big screen on the
7th of Feb
the same time both of these wonderful
actors of ours were in a mall and the
people loved them so much it now Paris
Natick hi Anthony
Keith Hema productions in socha Kikuchi
ajay first could shift you know search
kapitsa Joe Joe Joe Barclay they were
here Nicky could share something with
the twist so ladies and gentleman yeah
Hasee toh phasee app is a unique app
with the twist and to tell you more
about it and to excel I don't know about
drama queen becoming viral on the
Facebook page but you are going viral on
your Facebook page okay it's a committee
trick question before we come into it
you know to talked about that guy what's
the most important option a good looks
option B money option C humor option
all of it okay option D is better on
tell me what's the most important is it
good looks humor and money humor I think
out of these three humor so what about
okay her site or a solid good looks who
a now doesn't matter money he doesn't on
I'll try non so humor is something that
he has to be born with ok humor yeah
wonderful
and sit up what's your what's your take
good
yeah she's got to have good looks good
looks and good looks okay I'm just put
in your leg easy to please okay so tell
us more about the movie and it's just
right around the corner the release date
excited nervous what's happening you've
been to a mall people have loved you and
I've met him before once more so a lot
of appreciation coming in so both of you
has the experience right now what's
going on in your mind to pop question
how's the experience cycle and what's
going inside yeah so far so good I think
you've got a good response now Provo and
today we have a good opportunity with to
to tie up with Reliance United's media I
think it's a great and fun app people
will have a lot more fun making her
laugh though it's very easy guys so if
if you were not in that TV or not in
online I'm sure she will probably laugh
and giggle all the time for yeah Thank
You Reliance for adding this type I
think it's a great way for us to you
know interact with our with our fans and
people who like our film so yeah keep
hustling for anything
all the waste okay and now not the Hasee
toh phasee all apart but the question
once are all apart so the open house
starts from here media we request you to
please raise your hand the mic will be
passed on to you Shane
yeah yeah and we don't need an ad for
him because unequally we have selves
okay and of course about kappa okay
because you'll have to travel far and
promotion scary movies killing it so so
that y'all can reach on time oh is it
traffic sir and nicosia yuge I'm sorry
Guardian that kima front of what that's
made manager ASAP I think I would like
to make accepted time for punching yoga
he cons I became a pataga miss
eventually I know you want to still talk
about the timings I think you guys
should be in present and not in the past
so everybody gets laid it's Bombay we're
waiting yeah their timing sometimes we
have other commitments and we can't make
it on time so apologies but I'm sure I
think it's quite unfair do you want to
talk about that but it's up to you